Move links from concept module body text to Additional resources (#5116)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_prerequisites-for-using-insights-iop.adoc

Your environment must meet certain requirements before you can use {insights-iop}.

* You have configured {insights-iop} on your {ProjectServer}.
* Install and configure the Insights client on hosts during host registration or provisioning.
* For hosts already registered to {Project}, install and configure the Insights client on your hosts by using an Ansible role.

> * You can change the schedule for running the Insights client by configuring `insights-client.timer` on a host.

Reviewer: To me, this does not sound like a prerequisite. Maybe reword it slightly:

```suggestion
* If your environment requires specific settings, you have changed the schedule for running the Insights client by configuring `insights-client.timer` on a host.
```

I do not know what a specific setting could look like.

Alternative: drop it.

Author: 'Drop it' it is!
